
COSC 4370 Homework #4
 

Overview:
Building on our work from the previous assignments, we would like to be able to texture objects using triangles and/or quads. To demonstrate these ideas, we will be drawing on the concepts of constructing shapes from the first assignment and transforms from the second. We will create a set of textured polyhedrons in the form of dice. We will place number textures so that each face receives a different number.

Specifications:
Starting with the code from previous assignments, generate the 4-, 6-, 8-, 12-, and 20-sided textured figures using triangles or quads as appropriate. You are given as and example, a cube (companion cube) with the same texture applied to each face. Modify it to be a 6-sided dice by adding a unique number from 1-6 to each face of the cube to practice the concepts needed for the more complex problem. Then, proceed to the main problem of constructing the remaining solids with dice faces.

You may construct these regular polyhedrons in an color you wish. Create and modify the texture and texture mapping so that each face has a unique value. Use the existing perspective camera and rotational motion to show off the faces of your dodecahedron. Ensure that you can switch between the shapes with a number press.

Deliverables:
Submit a single python file and any texture files of any appropriate type to Canvas, including the required specifications.
The program should display the colored platonic solids,  Tetrahedron, Cube, Octahedron, Dodecahedron and Icosahedron. 
Provide a mechanism to change the shape displayed with a numerical keypress (1-5).
Each face on each shape should hold a different number, with opposite faces summing up to n+1, where n is the number of sides on the polyhedron.
You may use any color for the faces. Selecting a contrasting color for the numbers to improve visibility.
You may position the numbers in any orientation and use any arrangement of numbers on the faces that you wish as long as you include all the numbers for each polyhedron.
Notes:
Be sure to select a reasonable size for your object (the values you found for vertices should work well.
Use the code you developed for the first Homework and the starter code to complete this problem.
Be sure to sure to start this program early as there are many small details.
There are many free options for image editor to select.
 